
# GitHub Ranker

This project is a GitHub Repository Ranker. Initial build scripts generated by [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app). This application allows you to enter in a GitHub organization, and then order the repositories associated with it using multiple metrics such as forks or stars. Individual repositories can be visited to see recent commits and useful metadata.

Sorting criteria can be extended to any data available from the GitHub API, and aggregated metrics as well.

## Requirements

- Node `v8.10` or greater
- `yarn` or `npm` package manager

## Setup

1. Clone the repo
2. Run `npm install` or `yarn` to install dependencies

## Usage
### Development Server

To run the local development server:

```shell
npm run start
```

### Production Build

To produce the assets ready for deployment, use:

```shell
npm run build
```

### Test

To run unit tests included and run by Jest:

```shell
npm run test
```
## Improvements

This project is intended as an MVP. As such, there is a variety of improvements that can be made.

### Data caching and orchestration

Instrumenting some client-side caching of GitHub API responses in memory would be a major improvement when traversing in between repos of the same organization, for example. Exploring using an orchestration layer would be worthwhile, too. For scaling, you could cache GitHub API responses in your own orchestration layer (assuming the TOC allows this) to prevent rate limiting and reducing DNS lookup on the client. This would also allow you to add complex data transformations.

### Testing

The unit testing included with this project is mainly limited to the utility functions handling data. Ideally, the React components themselves would be better unit tested and an E2E solution used as well.

### Bundle Size

While the payload is currently somewhat reasonable (382.42 KB before gzip), this project would benefit from chunking of the main bundle.

### UI Improvements

The UI, like the rest of the project, is an MVP and could benefit from better design and interaction choices. There's many small improvements to be made, as well as better colors.
